SPA QS backlinks to Dev Center (#10194)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/vuejs/02-calling-an-api.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD041 -->

:::note

> For a deep dive into making secure calls to an API from Vue, visit the [integrating Vue.js with an API server guide](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication#call-a-protected-api-from-react/). This guide provides you with additional details, such setting up a sample Express API server and getting test access tokens from the Auth0 Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Integrate Vue.js with an API Server](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication#integrate-vue-js-with-an-api-server) section of the [Vue.js Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication) guide for a deep dive into calling a protected API from Vue. This guide allows you to set up a sample API server using a backend technology of your choice, effectively creating a full-stack application.
```

> For a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Vue, visit the [Vue.js Authentication By Example: Call an API.](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication#integrate-vue-js-with-an-api-server/). This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button, protecting routes using different strategies, and using class components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the ["Integrate Vue.js with an API Server"](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication#integrate-vue-js-with-an-api-server) section of the ["Vue.js Authentication By Example"](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication) guide for a deep dive into calling a protected API from Vue. This guide allows you to set up a sample API server using a backend technology of your choice, effectively creating a full-stack application.
```

> :::note
> For a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Vue, visit the [Vue.js Authentication By Example: Call an API.](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication#integrate-vue-js-with-an-api-server/). This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button, protecting routes using different strategies, and using class components. 
> :::

Reviewer 2: Should this mention something like we do in React? People reading this quickstart are not looking into user authentication, but calling an API:

```suggestion
:::note
For a deep dive into making secure calls to an API from Vue, visit the [integrating Vue.js with an API server guide](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication#call-a-protected-api-from-react/). This guide provides you with additional details, such setting up a sample Express API server and getting test access tokens from the Auth0 Dashboard.
:::
```
